thousands of people descended on the
Twin Cities corn maze in brooklyn park
this weekend but it wasn't to enjoy a
cool fall day instead they tested their
physical endurance while literally
getting down and dirty here's d'alene
Cleveland running a 5k takes a certain
amount of will and physical conditioning
but this particular 5k had a rather
muddy twist any day of the week or any
morning you can go around a lake or
something which is fun but kind of
challenge I whole different set of
experiences you don't know what you're
gonna get welcome to mud factor a 5k
through the Twin Cities corn maze that
has participants climbing walls scaling
cargo nets and crawling through pits of
mod all in a quest to reach the finish
line and eventually wash themselves off
Brittany Carlston of Ramsey recruited
half a dozen friends to Saturday's event
I don't know it's fun I can't run a
regular 5 case and we figure why not add
mud and obstacles and be really way more
fun more than 3,000 people felt the same
way although the shivers were evident as
the temperature hovered around 40
degrees it's true the pictures on the
website we're nice and sunny and take
dodson shark hello chilly yeah talk to
event organizers and they'll tell you
that it's neither the temperature nor
the obstacles that present the biggest
challenge of course itself once you're
here and energy and adrenaline is
flowing the whole crowd the wave of 500
people that's easy that just flows and
just feels natural the hard part is
actually getting off your couch and
coming out and doing something outside
to comfort zone Carlson and her friends
did just that and managed to cross the
finish line after taking an hour to
navigate the course we lost some shoes
we lost some people we found everybody
so we're good in brooklyn park dewayne
cleveland 12 years this was the very
first mud factor race in Brooklyn Park
organizers plan to hold that event again
next year and I guess so bring on the
laundry detergent looks like a
commercial for a laundry soap yeah it
does i'm gonna go out on a limb and say
that there were a lot of facebook photos
oh I'll bet after that just a gas